c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RaceFood.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RaceFood.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RaceFood.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\obj\Debug\RaceFood.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\obj\Debug\RaceFood.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Restuarant.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RestuarantCenter.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RestuarantInterFacing.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Database1.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RestuarantCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\RestuarantInterFacing.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Restuarant.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Database1.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\FoodCenter.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\FoodInterFacing.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Food.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\FoodCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\FoodInterFacing.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Food.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\UserCenter.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\UserInterfacing.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Users.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\UserCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\UserInterfacing.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Users.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\SearchFoodInterFace.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\SearchFoodInterFace.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\OrderInterface.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\OrderInterface.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliverOrder.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliverOrder.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Admininterfacing.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AdninCenter.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AdminsControl.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\Admininterfacing.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AdninCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AdminsControl.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliveryBoyInterface.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliveryBoyInterface.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliveryBoycenter.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AllDeliveryBoys.dll
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\DeliveryBoycenter.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\bin\AllDeliveryBoys.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\obj\Debug\RaceFood.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\obj\Debug\RaceFood.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RaceFood\RaceFood\obj\Debug\RaceFood.csproj.CopyComplete
